added prop rotateAngle to avoid the overlapping  x-axis tick values (#322)
cerner/terra-graphs: packages/terra-graphs-docs/src/terra-dev-site/graph/CoreConfiguration.b/Documentation/Axes.3.graph.mdx

| suppressTrailingZeros | boolean        | `false`                    | no       | Toggle to suppress tick values's trailing zeros when default d3 tick formatting is used. For X axis, this property works only when X axis type is set to AXIS_TYPE.DEFAULT. Specifying `~` in the tick format takes precedence over `suppressTrailingZeros` property. |
| ticks                 | object         | `null`                     | no       | See [Ticks](./Ticks).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| type                  | string         | `AXIS_TYPE.DEFAULT`        | no       | See [type](#type). Normal number value or time-based. Only for x-axis.                                                                                                                                                                                                |    

> | rotateAngle           | integer        | -                          | no       | allows consumer to add a rotateAngle to x-axis to avoid the overlapping (angle will be in between `+90` to `-90` Positive values move in clock wise direction & negative values moves in anticlock wise direction).Only for x-axis.                                   |

Reviewer: We should avoid saying "consumer" wherever possible.
```suggestion
| rotateAngle           | integer        | -                          | no       | (Only for x-axis) Sets the rotation of the tick labels from `+90º` to `-90º`. Positive values rotate the label clockwise while negative values rotate the label anti-clockwise.                              |
```

> | TickLabelRotations    | integer        | -                          | no       | Sets the rotation of the tick labels to `-45º`. Only for x-axis.                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| TickLabelRotations    | integer        | -                          | no       | Sets the rotation of the tick labels to `0º` or `-45º`. Only for x-axis.                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
```

> | tickLabelsRotation    | integer        | -                          | no       | Sets the rotation of the tick labels to `0º` or `-45º`. Only for x-axis.                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't the default be 0?

Also, while the integer type implies that the corresponding integer should be used, formatting `0º` and `-45º` as code here is misleading because those aren't the values they'll be using.

Could say something like:
Sets the rotation of the x-axis tick labels to `0º` or `-45º`. Accepted values: `0` or `-45`
